[all hosts] (Auth) Refresh password saving article (#5767)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/develop/auth-save-passwords.md

---
title: Automatically save passwords in Office Add-ins with WebView2
description: Configure an Office Add-in running in WebView2 to prompt users to save credentials after sign-in.
ms.topic: how-to
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.date: 05/18/2026
---

# Enable automatic password saving in Microsoft Edge WebView2

If your add-in prompts users to sign in, Microsoft Edge WebView2 can offer to save credentials and fill them the next time users sign in. This article shows the minimum HTML and JavaScript pattern to trigger the WebView2 save-password prompt in Office Add-ins on Windows.

## Sign-in flow

First, create a sign-in form in your add-in's HTML page. The form should include username and password fields, and a button to submit the credentials. Use the standard HTML credential fields: `type="text"` for the username and `type="password"` for the password. The example is the minimum HTML you need.

```html
<div>

>   <label for="username">Username:</label>

Reviewer: Without the br tags these elements all end up on one line which looks kind of odd.

}
```

## What users see

> When users enter credentials in your add-in and the add-in redirects to a new page, WebView2 asks whether they want to save the username and password. The next time your add-in prompts for credentials, WebView2 can fill in the saved account information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When users enter credentials in your add-in and the add-in redirects to a new page, WebView2 asks whether they want to save the username and password. The next time your add-in prompts for credentials, WebView2 fills in the saved account information.
```
